Subtitles by explosiveskull
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Who the fuck has been using
my straightening iron again?!
Here we
go again, fucking drama queen.
I told you to stop
using my shit, Aleisha!
Nobody wants to use your
cheep dollar store flat iron.
Whatever trick!
Hey,
you're Lena, right?
Uh huh.
So Kami told me you sold
her some good scripts.
Is that true?
Are you a junkie?
Are you serious?
Yeah, you know,
like a drug addict.
Do I look like
a drug addict to you?
No offense but kind of.
I'm just asking
you for some help.
That's it.
Fair enough.
All right.
Don't ever use
the product's name
and if I get wind that you
told anybody where you got it,
I cut you off and we
don't know each other.
Okay, I got it.
50 up front,
leave the rest in there when
I make the drop tomorrow.
Okay?
Hey, watch the bar for me.
Hey, did you guys see Lena?
I ain't seen her.
Really?
I'm glad to see you
guys are on it, thanks.
Just be cool.
Okay, after you.
Just go in.
Just do some studying
tonight, okay?
That's all I wanna
do, just study.
After you.
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck are
you doing here?
Don't worry.
I was just on my way out.
What the hell,
Ben, who is that?
Um.
You need to leave.
I do not want to call the cops.
How old is this one?
You coulda
called, you know?
I do call.
You don't answer.
Yeah, well, you
know how it is.
Yeah.
I know how it is.
Well, I guess I'll
just leave you to it.
That's it?
You're not gonna put up a fight?
Nope.
What's this?
It's all in there.
Have fun with Malibu Barbie.
You okay?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Nothing is wrong.
That was romantic.
I'm sorry.
Come on, you know
I'm just kidding.
I know you have a
lot on your mind.
I'll go make the coffee.
Okay.
Thank you.
Careful.
So what time are
you meeting me?
Yeah, about that.
Um.
Unbelievable.
You forgot, didn't you?
No, I didn't forget.
I just didn't get
the time off yet
Are you serious?
You just wait till
today to bring this up?
Well, if you would've
reminded me last night...
No, no, no, no, you are not
turning this around on me.
You just told me the other day
that you were getting
your shift covered.
All right, I know, okay?
But the new guy is
a real fucking prick
and especially with all the
cutbacks going on right now,
I didn't wanna get on
anybody's shit list.
Just remind him, I
mean, what's the problem?
I doesn't work like that.
We need the overtime.
You know that.
Great.
I'll just go by myself because
that won't be embarrassing.
Oh, hey, come on.
Don't overreact.
We'll reschedule it.
It'll be fine.
I bet I can get the
time off next week.
I don't get you.
You were just saying how
important this is to you
and now you act like
it's not a big deal.
I mean, what am I
supposed to think, Jared?
I don't know, what
do you want me to say?!
Plus, I already
changed my schedule
so I'm closing tonight.
Just don't go.
What, you hate that
job anyway, right?
You've been talking about
quitting for months.
You're being an asshole.
I'm being an asshole?
Yeah, you're being an asshole.
Why because I'm just repeating
what you've been telling me?
Huh?
Or am I crazy now?
No, I'm the one that's crazy.
I really must be.
I mean, all we do is argue
and I'm sick and tired of it.
Come on, we're
figure this out.
No, you'll figure it out.
Sara!
Morning.
I think you mean afternoon.
Yeah, I woke up like 20
minutes ago, so it's morning.
You're late again.
So?
What're you, gonna nark on me?
Kevin's really pissed.
Shit.
I'm gonna have to
listen to him give his
gay little punctuality
speech again.
That's real mature.
Are you gonna help me here
or just text on your phone?
Oh my God, you are so mean.
Calm down for a second.
Rough night?
Yeah, kinda.
Okay, what has been
going on between you two?
He's just acting like a
little bitch, that's all.
What did you do?
Nothing, I swear.
I know, I know.
He was wasted, I doubt
he even remembers.
Here he comes.
Hi, Peter.
Fuck you, Greg.
Hey, Rick.
Hey, can I talk to
you for a second?
As long as it doesn't
cut into my lunch hour.
Last week I put in
a request for leave.
I just never heard back
if it was approved or not.
Did you talk to
Monica? She's HR, not me.
Yeah, she said she was just
waiting for your sign off, so.
You know we have a
deadline here, right?
Yeah, I'm fully...
And you also know we'll be
handing out a lot of overtime
in the next six months.
Since you're having
personal problems,
I suppose I can take
you off the OT roster.
No, no,
I didn't mean it like that.
Hey.
Hey, man, I just need a
couple hours off early.
Two.
I'll give you an hour.
Take it or leave it.
I thought I'd find you here.
A little busy.
Yeah, you look swamped.
Why can you never
make an appointment?
Why would I do that?
I did some digging.
This case, it's pretty similar.
Check it out.
It's Michigan State.
So?
It's a different state
set in different laws.
Plus, we already
lost your appeal.
Well,
can't we take it higher
or can't you make a
case for reinstatement
like this guy did?
You could.
Wouldn't matter.
What're you saying,
I should give up?
I didn't say that.
They got some
serious dirt on you.
Come on.
You know I didn't cheat.
Whatever.
Semantics.
Look, I hate what
that guy did to you,
but you've got to look at this
from a purely legal standpoint.
So I guess the law doesn't
care about the truth.
Lena, it's not like
you lost everything.
Listen, I'll call you if I
hear anything about the appeal.
In the meantime,
try to stay out of trouble.
See you.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Thanks for cleaning up.
All right.
During your last visit,
you described having symptoms
of irregular bleeding
and menstrual cramps outside
of your menstrual cycle.
Mhmm.
We did find some
cysts on your cervix
that we'd like to
know more about.
So something is wrong?
Well, most of the time
when we get results like this
it's for something
completely benign.
However, I would like to
schedule an appointment next week
so that I can take
a closer look.
Then we find some answers?
Well, it's the
best place to start.
The biopsy will give us a
more in depth explanation.
What if it comes back
as something serious?
The good thing is
that you came in early
and the cysts are very small.
Well what're we supposed
to do in the meantime?
Hey, Lena.
Come on back.
Who's the kid?
My nephew.
Katie's having
me watch him for the day.
He's cute.
You sure you're related?
All new product here.
Mostly homegrown hydro.
Very clean, very
high quality strands
and some real choice terpenes.
Now, if you wanna talk about
a real step up in quality.
So what am I looking at?
I just sell the stuff, I
don't come up with the names.
How much?
Retail on the Lobster
is 400 an ounce.
But, as always, you
get friend prices,
so 350.
Fuck, are you serious?
Supply and demand's
a real bitch these days.
Go ahead, free sample.
No, I gotta work.
Suit yourself.
All right, give me it all.
Which one?
The stupid Red Lobster
shit or whatever.
If it goes fast, I'll
come back for more.
You'll definitely be back.
Gotta love strippers.
Sure you can't stay?
I just scored the Raiders
trilogy on laserdisc.
Nah, I can't tonight, man.
Rain-check though, yeah?
You don't know
what you're missing.
Hey, aren't you worried about
your nephew smelling that?
Problem solved.
Hey.
Boss lady wants to see you.
About what?
What do you think?
No, you listen to me, Antonio.
Do you know how long
I've been doing business
with your family?
You tell your father I want a
discount on the next shipment.
Grazie, Ciao.
So what's up?
John John said you
wanted to see me.
I don't know, you tell me.
Okay, look, I'm going to
cut you a little break.
I know you're new around here
so you haven't had a chance
to see how I do things.
I don't know what
you mean by that.
Come on, Lena, cut the crap.
Just so you know,
I've been hustling longer
than you've been in a bra.
I gave you this job because
you gave me the impression
that you were smart.
Now I feel like, I don't know,
you're going out of your way
to prove me wrong or something.
It's not the worst thing
going on around here.
What you girls do on your
own time, that's your business,
but when you bring
it into my house,
then it becomes my business.
You feel me?
Yeah, I feel you.
Good.
Now go out there, earn a living.
Hey.
Yeah, I know, I
got your messages.
I'm actually a little
busy right now.
I'll see you tomorrow.
You missed a spot.
Hey.
What's gotten into you?
Doctor's orders.
You gonna get that?
It's Rick.
Fuck.
He wants me to go in.
It's fine, go ahead.
Look, hey.
How about we pick this
up when I get home, huh?
That's romantic.
What makes you think
I'm gonna be in the mood
at four in the morning?
What makes you think
I was gonna wake you
at four in the morning?
Oh, God.
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I was kidding.
Yeah, that's the problem.
What is that supposed to mean?
It means...
Fuck, I don't know
what it means.
Babe.
Hey, hey.
Relax.
All right, we have a plan.
We're sticking to that.
Yeah, I know, we had a plan.
I just feel like everything
keeps getting in the way.
Like what?
- I don't know.
- Hello!
You've gotta get
that fucking key back.
I'm sorry, am I
interrupting something?
Greg.
Hi, Jarrod.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, it's just
a stupid thing.
Okay, well, I know what you're
gonna say, so don't bother.
And I'm willing
to ignore the fact
that you've been screening
my texts all day.
What're you doing here?
Okay, I don't know
what's going on with you
and I honestly
couldn't care less,
but you need to hurry
up and get ready
because you're
coming out tonight.
No, it's bad timing.
Yeah, preciously why I'm here.
You need to go change because
you look like a poor person.
Look around, I
am a poor person.
Yes but that doesn't mean
you have to look like one.
Okay, you're not blind, right?
Means you could see
what was just going on?
I'm really not in
the mood to go out.
Oh my, you're not gonna go
away if I say no, are you?
Probably not.
Fine, I'll go.
Girl, that's my girl!
Let me just do the dishes.
Mind if I knosh real quick?
Yeah, that's fine, just
don't eat Jarrod's Kung Pao.
Wait, a brewery?
Yes, a brewery.
Come on, remember we talked
about being open to new places?
Yeah but...
Well this is new places. Come
on, don't be such a square.
Fine, fine, fine.
Dress like a poor person,
drink like a poor person.
Oh, excuse me, sorry.
Greg, this is, um.
Yeah.
What was your name again?
I'm sorry, she's
a little excited.
It's her first week as a woman.
Literally just having surgery.
Snip, snip.
Come on, I'm getting
drunk tonight.
How many times did
you see that light go off?
Just answer me, how many times?
You know how it is.
If these niggers don't come,
I don't get tipped for shit.
That's not my problem.
When you see that light, you
need to be off their laps
unless they pay for another
dance upfront, got it?
This is a dance club,
not a fucking brothel.
He saved a little squirrel.
Okay.
Come on.
Can I sit right here?
- Okay.
- Let's go to this car.
No, that's not our car.
- That's not our car.
- Look.
This is our.
No, that's not our car.
This is our car.
This is not.
No, no, no.
Come on, it's
good for just a second.
Oh, God.
I'm gonna
lay right here.
Please don't.
Oh, you please don't.
You please don't.
Stop.
Don't don't be so angry.
Two seconds, two seconds.
Can you please?
Two seconds, just let me stay.
Come on, come on.
Don't touch me.
Can you
believe that bitch?
Hey, come on.
Hey!
Wake up!
Let's go, in the car.
Come on.
We gotta go.
Don't touch me.
Hey, you guys okay?
She is drunk.
It sounds like he's drunk.
She is.
- You need some help?
- Get on in there.
Oh, you guys, thanks.
- Put your feet in.
- Thanks, guys.
- A little bit farther.
- Can I drive?
Thanks for your help.
Oh, no problem.
Do you need a
ride or something?
No, I'm just right
down the street.
Come on, it's the least I
can do. You helped me out.
No, I'm good.
Okay, thanks again.
You might wanna
crack a window.
Good idea.
You coulda called if
you were gonna be this late.
I'm sorry, I
lost track of time.
Yeah, those new smartphones
do everything but
tell time, huh?
So what's new?
Quite a lot, actually.
Hospital's building a new wing
and they want me to head
up the new Post-Op Unit.
Look at you.
I could keep you up-to-date
if you were around more.
I'm just keeping busy,
you know how it goes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
More coffee, y'all?
I'm good. Thanks.
What
can I get for you?
Oh, I'm good, thanks.
You sure?
Stick around, have
something to eat.
I'm not hungry.
Indulge your old man.
I told you I don't need it.
Most people say thanks
when they're handed
an envelope full of cash.
I make more than
that in a weekend.
But where does it go?
What're you trying to say?
I've got a lot of
connections in this town.
Why don't you let me
talk to a few people?
Call in some favors.
Story of my life.
You always pulling
strings for me.
If I didn't do it,
who the hell will?
If I take your money,
you promise never to
bring this up again?
Deal.
Well,
thanks for the pep talk.
I'm probably
wasting my breath,
but you know Victoria would
like you to come over.
She wants to cook for you.
I doubt I'd make
for good company.
That's not fair.
I'm just being honest.
Great.
You finally decided to
be honest just to dis me.
Oh, come on, who's
being dramatic now?
You know,
for what it's worth, Lena,
I did the best I could
to do right by you.
See you around, sweetheart.
Hey, hon.
Hey.
What?
We saved some this month.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Nice.
Why don't we do
something fun tonight?
You know I start
going in early tonight.
Right, right.
But I'd love to.
I know, I know.
I'm gonna go
jump in the shower.
Hello?
Gorgeous,
what're you doing?
Just hanging out.
Why?
Great, I'm coming over.
Wait.
What?
Why you coming over?
What time is it?
I'll brief
you in person.
Just make sure you're
ready when I get there.
No, hold on, what're
you talking about?
You're breaking.
I'll see you soon.
Greg.
Greg, hello?
Damn it.
Okay, enough with the secrecy.
Where are we going?
All right,
you know that girl
that like saved our
lives the other night?
Yeah.
Well it's been
driving me freaking nuts
trying to remember
where I know her from.
I'm surprised you remember
anything from that night.
Oh wow, you're funny.
Shut up, I'm telling a story.
So last night I'm at Mecca
hanging with my girl J-Rock
and then, boom, I see her.
Turns out she works their too.
Awesome, what does
that have to do with me?
Oh, so we get to talking.
It turns out we know a
lot of the same people
and she said that if
we come in tonight,
she'll get us comped at the bar.
Seriously, that's
what you wanted to do?
Go drinking?
Yeah, listen, we'll
go for one drink
and then we can
bounce, I promise.
I already told
her we'd be there,
so do not make me
look like a flake.
They say you only
get two chances
to make a first impression.
They don't say that.
I think they say that.
Pretty sure it's one
and you already blew that.
Please?
God, I really
hate you sometimes.
Yeah but the rest of
the time, you love me.
Okay, where is this place?
I never heard of it.
It's a surprise.
Are you for real?
Oh, come on, relax.
Act like you've
seen tits before.
Hey, baby.
Hi.
Here you go.
Your friend looks out of it.
First time?
Is it that obvious?
What do you think?
Should she fill
out an application?
She what she's working
with under the jacket.
Take it off.
Stay.
Just relax and enjoy
the show, sweetheart.
Speaking of shows, I'm up next
so I'll come back and
check on you guys later.
All right, kill it.
Hey, this place is cool, right?
Where's the bathroom?
Oh my God, go.
I'll go get us drinks.
Hey, everything come out okay?
This is Steven?
- This is my other half, Steven.
- Heard a lot about you.
Only the good
stuff, I promise.
Sure.
Ready?
- Yes.
- Cheers.
You guys lost again?
Guys, this is Lena.
Lena, Sara, Steven.
- Hi.
- Hey.
By the way, you look
fucking hot up there.
Well, thank you.
So what's going on?
It looks like you're leaving.
Yeah, we have a little bit
of a situation to deal with.
She's drunk.
He's bring nice. I'm
making him take me home.
Well, at least he's
standing on his own two feet.
Wow, all right, all right.
We're gonna bounce.
Are you going to Chivo's thing?
I'm not sure,
are you guys going?
Yes, we are going.
Let's make it a foursome.
Okay, see you there.
All right.
It's nice seeing you.
You too.
Jesus.
Where you been?
I just stepped out with Greg.
Lost track of time.
I hope he had less than you.
I just had a few drinks.
Wait, wait, wait,
why're you home?
Is everything okay?
Yeah, they had a
delay on material,
so they cut us early.
You could've text me.
Well my phone died.
Didn't think I was
gonna be out this late.
And Greg's phone was dead too?
Is there anything
else you wanna tell me?
Why are you acting like this?
Well I get a little worried
when I come home to an empty
house and missing wife.
Sorry, warden, your right.
Shoulda told you.
Is that all or can I
go back to my cell now?
I didn't mean it that way.
Fine, I'm sorry.
Can we just drop
it and go to bed?
Fine.
Yeah, well couples fight.
Comes with the territory.
Yeah but this was different.
Well maybe he's
just being insecure.
It's like he finally sees that
you can have fun without him.
I guess.
Isn't his birthday coming up?
Yeah, next week, why?
I don't know, maybe you
invite him out with you.
Show him that he has
nothing to worry about.
We just have a lot
going on right now.
I don't even know what
to get him this year.
Maybe it's not
something you get him.
Maybe it's something
you give him.
Look, I don't claim to be
an expert on relationships.
Agreed?
At least monogamous ones.
But, and don't get mad
at me for saying this,
just seems like there's
something, I don't know,
a little bit off
about you guys lately.
- Where did that come from?
- I don't know, I don't know.
Never mind, forget
I said anything.
No, no, you can't do that.
Spit it out.
Look, I love Jarrod.
I think he's a great guy
and I know that you
care about him a lot.
I used to look at you two
and think that I want
something like that in my life.
We're far from
perfect, Greggy.
Like I said, I'm no expert.
I just don't like seeing
you all torn up about it.
I appreciate that.
All right, switching gears.
Are you coming?
The beach thing.
No, I doubt it.
Oh, come on, what else
do you have going on?
I won't know anybody.
You'll know me
and Steven and Lena's
gonna be there.
Come on, please,
I swear I won't leave
your side the entire time.
Please?
Come on, please, please.
I kinda like it when you beg.
Okay, yeah, well
don't get used to it.
Come on.
Something smells good.
Damn right it does.
Hope you're hungry.
Starving actually.
How'd you get home?
Greggy gave me a ride.
I would've picked you up.
It's fine.
We're on the same shift.
You all right?
Just exhausted.
Hey,
the clinic called.
They want to schedule
another appointment.
I don't wanna think
about that right now.
Well, I've got
some other news.
We picked up another contract.
Hey, that's great.
Yeah, it's only
temporary at first.
So we'll see how it goes.
That's good.
So I'm not gonna be around
the next couple of weeks much.
You gonna be all
right with that?
I don't know.
I mean, how could I possibly?
The world's just so scary
without my big man
to take care of me.
Well you could cash
in that rain check
from the other night.
I can't tonight.
I kinda have to go to this
work thing with Greggy.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I don't have to go.
No, it's fine, go.
Have a good time.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Just don't have a great time
or I'll take it personally.
I swear to God, the dog
is stealing my boyfriend.
Are you gonna take
my playboy home?
They're making
out and everything.
Boo!
- Hey!
Mind if I sit?
Oh, sure, go ahead.
No thanks, I'm good.
It's not tobacco.
I figured that.
Just saying.
So you went to ODU?
Huh?
Greg told me you went there.
Oh, yeah, I did.
I was planning on going there.
You were?
Mhmm.
Why didn't you go?
Well it was between
going to college
or starting a life with Jarrod,
so I choose that one.
When did you graduate?
I didn't.
But it's a long story, so.
I'm not going anywhere.
You sure you don't
want any of this?
What the hell?
Yeah?
Yeah, why not?
- All right.
- Okay.
All right, so I'm nervous.
You'll be fine.
So you're gonna suck
kinda hard, okay?
Okay.
Keep going.
Yep.
I don't think
I did that right.
No, you did it just fine.
- Trust me, the coughing helps.
- Well, well, well.
What're you two doing over here?
Nothing.
Um, holy shit, Sara,
are you smoking weed?
Like a champ.
I have to
capture this moment.
No, don't.
- Yes.
- Come on, are you crazy?
Oh, shut up, I'm
not gonna post it,
I just wanna have it.
By the way, Lena, you
gotta tell me your secret.
I've been trying
to get her to do
adventurous shit for years.
No secret, it
was just her time.
So, how are we feeling?
Weird, I guess.
- Yeah.
- I guess.
It's great, right?
Yeah.
Where have you been all night?
Just being social.
Hey, can you cover
my shift on Thursday?
I can't Thursday,
it's Jarrod's birthday.
Oh shit, fuck, that's right.
I'll just call
out sick, I guess.
Have you decided what
you're gonna do for him?
No idea.
I don't know.
She can't decide where to
take Jarrod for his birthday.
I say she should just get him
a round of golf at
the country club.
He doesn't golf.
All straight men golf.
What are you talking about?
Whoa, whoa, okay.
Well what is he into then?
Oh my God, how high are you?
I'm not.
I don't know, I just wanna
do something really special.
Okay, well you gonna
figure out how to do that
on your budget?
I have a great idea.
Yes.
Cool.
Do you want a drink?
Yeah.
Can we get a vodka
soda, bourbon soda?
Hey.
- Hey.
- I'm so glad you made it.
Yeah, well you know,
it's a special occasion.
Hi.
Oh, this is my old man.
Oh, the birthday boy.
I'm Jarrod
and I'm not that old.
Yeah, he's kidding you.
So what'd you guys think?
It's okay, go ahead.
Pretty hot, I'm not gonna lie.
Look at him, he's blushing.
I just don't get out to a
lot of these types of places.
Yeah, you better not be.
Hey, we're gonna take
really good care of you.
Okay.
What,
are you watching me?
Yeah.
You little creeper.
Shut up.
Thanks for last night.
You had a good time?
Yeah, I had fun.
Good.
Happy birthday.
We need to get this hair cut.
Are we okay?
Yeah, of course we are.
Why?
No reason.
I love you.
Love you.
So what happened?
Nothing you
haven't heard before.
I fell for another
pretty-faced fuck boy
who had no intention of
being honest with me.
What'd he lie about?
Everything.
I mean, like, everything.
Were you in love with him?
Maybe at one point.
But I had my doubts
more than anything.
Well college guys
can be real assholes.
Professors can too.
Professor?
So is your family from here?
Just me, mostly.
Parents?
Father's around
but we haven't really
seen eye-to-eye
for the last few years.
Does he know where you work?
He does now.
Does he treat
you different now?
Sort of.
I don't know.
Think he just
thinks he's taking care
of me or something.
I know
what that's like.
Really?
Yeah.
My mom wasn't too crazy
about me marrying Jarrod
right after high school.
She just wanted me
to go off to college
and find some rich guy.
When he could take
it from there.
It's funny.
They raise us to be these
strong, independent women
and then they complain
when we can't find a man
to take care of us.
Oh, what time is it?
Almost six.
Oh, I gotta go.
I wanna beat Jarrod home so I
can make him something to eat.
Yeah, I should go too.
Hey, why don't you come over?
You can tell me more about
this douche bag professor.
Yeah, okay.
I can always eat.
Make yourself at home.
Okay.
Red or white?
Red.
Cool.
And that's a deal
breaker for you?
If a guy can't
get it that right,
why am I gonna put in
the time, you know?
I guess.
Does Jarrod still
go down on you?
Occasionally.
Only occasionally?
We're married.
Babe!
Speaking of the devil.
Hey.
I'm a little drunk.
Yeah, I can tell.
Hey, what's up, Lena?
What's up, man?
You smell.
I'm gonna
go take a shower.
I like him.
Yeah, me too.
I have an idea.
If you trust me.
What the hell is that?
Remember that stuff you
smoked the other night?
This is just a
little bit stronger.
I don't know about this.
Just watch me, okay?
It's not so bad, right?
Okay.
You're okay.
How're you feeling?
What time you go in?
I'm opening.
I can take you.
Greg's already on his way.
You wanna talk?
About what?
Last night.
Not really.
You all right?
I'm fine.
You don't seem fine.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Well I guess I'll see
you tonight then, huh?
Can I pick you up, at least?
Hey, Sara, after you clock in,
do you mind getting
started on the patio?
Sure.
Have you seen Greg?
Yeah, he's having a smoke.
Of course he is.
What're you doing here?
I'm here to talk to Sara.
Hey.
Can we talk?
I'm busy.
It's kind of important.
God, I feel like an idiot.
Let me explain.
Go ahead,
because I don't even know
what to think right now.
Look, I woke up this morning
and I looked over at you two
and I realized that
I'm the third wheel.
I don't wanna be
the third wheel.
Stop.
I wanna be close
to you, you know?
And I know that
that sounds stupid.
But my brain's just crazy and
I have to tell you how I feel.
I'm married.
Okay, I love my husband.
And last night we
cheated on each other.
Do you even understand how
big of a deal that is to me?
You look me in the eye and
you tell me you feel nothing.
And if you don't, I'll go.
I'm sorry, okay?
Last night was just
a huge mistake.
Never should've happened.
I can't see you anymore.
Can you just
respect that?
Fine.
You okay?
There's a new bank going up.
Looks like it.
Maybe they're hiring.
I can stop.
Why?
Because I just said,
maybe they're hiring.
So you want me
to work at a bank?
You know what?
Forget about it.
No, say it.
Say you want me to
work at a fucking bank.
You're the one who
wants a better job.
Did it ever occur to
you that I might be okay
with the job I have?
What the fuck is going
on in your head, huh?
I'm out there busting
my fucking ass
so we can start a family!
And you're playing house
with a goddamn stripper?!
I don't want you
seeing her anymore!
And that's gonna fix it?
It's that simple?
You fucked her!
I fucked her too.
Don't follow me.
Hey there, sweetie.
Hi.
What's your name?
Have a seat.
Just relax, I'm gonna give
you a good time, okay?
Hey, what did I just tell you?
Fuck you, I paid for this!
Give me a descent fucking dance.
That's all I want.
Last try.
Come on.
Let go of me!
Hey!
Give me back my fucking money!
This is bullshit!
Hey, what happened in there?
Are you okay?
Just some creep.
I'm fine.
Why don't you
head out tonight?
I need to cut some
staff and you look like
you could use a break.
Thank you.
All right, well get some rest
and call me later, okay?
Hey!
Fucking slut!
If it doesn't
fit, don't force it.
I think this one's defective.
Why is it that none of
my pieces are defective?
I don't know.
Mhmm.
That's why I picked you.
Thanks for that.
There you go.
Look, I got one.
You're not very good
at this puzzling thing.
Lena, my God!
What happened?
I got jumped.
What?
Did you see him?
- Yeah.
- Did you see him? Who was it?
He was some
asshole at the club.
Okay, were you hurt?
Show me where you're hurt.
Now try to breathe, now.
Breathe, okay?
Oh, Jesus.
Call the ER.
It's too late, tell
them to meet us there.
No, I don't wanna go.
- You gotta go.
- No, I don't wanna go.
You gotta go,
honey, you gotta go.
You gotta go.
Breathe, sweetheart,
you gotta breathe.
Just breathe.
Hey.
Easy.
You look like hell.
Shut up.
Are you feeling any better?
I'll live.
I don't know if you know this
but the police have the guy.
Yeah, my boss texted
me like a hundred times.
I do have some
good news though.
Got a phone call last night.
The university.
They wanna settle.
I don't know what you said
to get that prick
to sign the papers
but whatever it was, it worked.
So it's over?
It's over.
You won.
So what's next?
Hope I got enough.
Grabbed everything
that looked clean.
That's great.
Thanks.
Okay.
I'll let you get dressed.
Breakfast should be
ready in a minute.
Hey, dad?
It's good to be home.
Hey.
Hi.
Is Sara here?
No, she's out.
Can I talk to
you for a minute?
Just one minute, please.
What happened to you?
You should see the other guy.
Yeah, I bet.
I just want to
clear up a few things.
Had some really weird
shit happen recently.
No.
Stop.
Well.
I get it.
All that stuff that
happened with you and Sara.
It's over.
That's what I wanna
talk to you about.
She's pregnant.
Oh.
Wow.
That's great.
Thanks.
We're really happy.
You know, I never
meant to hurt anybody.
I know.
Hey, I wish you the best
of luck with everything.
Can you at least
tell her I stopped by?
Probably not.
I've gotta
cut some of these girls.
If you fire them,
you gotta replace them.
I'm not getting on no pole.
Hey.
- Thank you, John John,
- Don't even worry about it.
Come here.
Oh, why didn't you call me?
I know, I know, I'm sorry.
Oh, honey.
I felt really bad about this.
Don't worry about it.
You need anything from me?
I just came here to thank you.
You're not coming
back, are you?
I wish I could say
I was surprised.
I just need a change.
I was right.
But you're not off the hook.
No, you have to promise
that you're gonna come back
and you're gonna
check in with us
every once and awhile, okay?
Of course.
All right, good.
Because we're
gonna miss you, so.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org